Improve social login info (#316)
reown-com/reown-docs: docs/appkit/authentication/socials.mdx

Email and Social login is also available for **Solana, Solana Devnet, and Solana Testnet**.

## Ensuring the Security of Your Private Key

We partner with Magic.link to provide Universal Wallets, for information on how these are created and how the Private Keys are managed go [here](https://magic.link/docs/home/security/product-security#patented-key-management)

> 

Author: not sure ... do you think that is already cover in here ?
https://docs.reown.com/appkit/features/smart-accounts

> 

Reviewer: Maybe a linnk?

> 

Reviewer 2: @rtomas I think we should point them to Reown secure site instead of Magic. We don't necessarily need to reveal the providers that we use under the hood unless a customer really insists on it

Email and Social login is also available for **Solana, Solana Devnet, and Solana Testnet**.

## Ensuring the Security of Your Private Key

We use a patented delegated key management (DKMS) to protect your private keys. This provides secure private key management backed by best-in-class cryptography standards. 
This encrypted key is shared with the user upon successful authentication. The user is then able to decrypt their encrypted private key with the user's master key. 

[Learn more about DKMS](https://magic.link/docs/home/security/product-security#patented-key-management).

> 

Reviewer 2: Where did we get this content from?

Email and Social login is also available for **Solana, Solana Devnet, and Solana Testnet**.

> ## Ensuring the Security of Your Private Key
> 
> We partner with Magic.link to provide Universal Wallets, for information on how these are created and how the Private Keys are managed go [here](https://magic.link/docs/home/security/product-security#patented-key-management)
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Ensuring the Security of Your Private Key

Reown AppKit uses [Magic](https://magic.link/) to provide Universal Wallets. For information on how these are created and how the **Private Keys** are managed, refer to Magic's docs [here](https://magic.link/docs/home/security/product-security#patented-key-management).

```
